# World-Population-Analysis-Report
This analysis demonstrates a range of demographic and statistical information about the world's population which include:  Total Population: An overview of the current global population and its distribution across continents and countries. Population Growth Rates: Analysis of population growth rates, including birth rates, death rates &amp; migration. 

There are approximately 7.97 billion people living in the world today, a figure that shows a dramatic increase since the beginning of the Common Era. Since the 1970s, the global population has also more than doubled in size. It is estimated that the global population will reach and surpass eight billion people by 2025 and plateau at around 11 billion at the end of the century.
Asia
When it comes to number of inhabitants per continent, Asia is the most populous continent in the world by a significant margin, with roughly 60 percent of the world's population living there. Similar to other global regions, a quarter of inhabitants in Asia are under 15 years of age. The most populous nations in the world were China and India respectively, both located on the Asian continent; each inhabit more than three times the amount of people than the third-ranked United States. 10 of the 20 most populous countries in the world are found in Asia. Not only is the total population in China increasing steadily, but the median age has also increased rapidly over the past six decades. Due to better health care and living conditions, it is estimated that the median age in China in 2020 was 37 years.
Africa
Interestingly, the top 20 countries with highest population growth rate are mainly countries in Africa. This is due to the present stage of Sub-Saharan Africa's demographic transition, where mortality rates are falling significantly, although fertility rates are yet to drop and match this. As much of Asia is nearing the end of its demographic transition, population growth is predicted to be much slower in this century than in the previous; in contrast, Africa's population is expected to exceed four billion by the year 2100. Unlike demographic transitions in other continents, Africa's population development is being influenced by climate change on a scale unseen by most other global regions. Rising temperatures are exacerbating challenges such as poor sanitation, lack of infrastructure, and political instability, which have historically hindered societal progress. It remains to be seen how Africa and the world at large adapts to this crisis as it continues to cause drought, desertification, natural disasters, and climate migration across the region.
